well I just wanted to show everybody my
fourth of july two thousand ten stash
probably enough to put on about a half
hour 40 minutes show depending on how I
we want to do it and always got some
roman candles here you hmm they're kind
of fillers in between spots you know if
you got to unravel a-- a mortar wick or
something like that kids love I always
give one of these things and the kind of
gimmicky but you know what big 19 shot
the kids love the parachutes afterwards
so you know what the heck let's see here
what I am is I'm big fan of cake I like
cakes because you can light a couple of
them stand back just let them go what I
like to do you know I start out small
start out with a like for example some
eight shot cakes stuff like that and
then honestly I everybody knows what
these little 48 shot-caller pearls are
just little miniature tiny roman candle
types of things or whatever but you know
what i found out to these bad boys right
here you put one on either side of a
like a name eight or nine shot cake that
works out pretty good works out really
good got a handful cakes made by this
company here Golden Bear also got some
ball shells here made by golden bear as
well you know what they're just mediocre
to kind of like tea and tea or a young
family even these things I look one off
last night not really impressed but you
know what that's fine because any
fireworks show is not complete without
your ex Cal's you know so you know what
you throw a couple of scales up there a
couple of the ball shells they're okay
that's not bad tell you what though if
you guys are well I've got some some
cakes here from world-class you know
world-class they're the ones that make
the X scales everybody knows that
probably but you know what a couple
other I want to point out a couple other
companies that I found out if anybody
knows anything
about megaton if you're doing some
fireworks shopping megaton right here I
found out that they usually have some
pretty nice cakes and you know what when
it comes down to fireworks at this
company right here big fireworks big
fireworks there actually turned out to
be quite possibly my favorite now the
place that I shopped at this year I shop
there all the time because I get a great
deal on a all the fireworks they didn't
have any big this year so those are
actually last year those are just a one
and three-quarter inch ball shell end of
days you know what they're probably the
best ball shell they're not canisters
like your exhales those are probably the
best that I've ever shot I mean they're
they're break is comparable now less
than the exhales but you don't want
anybody who's done your your single shot
two and a quarter inch I'm sure
everybody is fully aware of the Reaper
shells well that's who make the Reaper
shelf and I've also heard that big also
makes some pro series that rival these
bad boys so I got to check those out
next year but this is what I got I've
got how do you know what this is now 4
grand finale I've got four five hundred
grand cakes have got 433 shot cakes yeah
like I said they're all golden bear so
I'm all yeah not giddy about it but you
know what it'll work nice thing about
them is they start out individual shots
then they'll throw up some for shop
volleys and then each one of them's got
three large breaks at the end it'll work
you know but you see back here and pull
cakes cakes cakes cakes cakes cakes
candles but yeah the cool thing is you
know all together I got a good deal on
it but you know what yeah you've seen
some shameless plugs there for some
internet marketing my side business that
I do provided me with all this
and and then some so if you're in a
rustic it out too but that is what I got
and love the X scales bye happy fourth